[musical swirl]
[soft music plays]
[cicadas chirring]
[rooster crowing]
- [sheep bleating]
- [chickens clucking]
[cow mooing]
[male narrator] Many
seasons ago.
a smart little
piglet named Lucky
was born on our farm.
And as he grew up.
he would look up at the stars
with all the other animals
and dream of their future.
You see. we all
dreamed that one day
animals would be free
and run the farm.
All of us working together.
There was just one thing
that stood in the way
of our beautiful dream.
Man.
He was so greedy and cruel.
I mean. he didn't even
feed us no more.
But what could we do?
I don't know. I mean.
I'm just a stupid old horse.
Cock-a-doodle...
- Woo!
- [horn blares]
Oh no. Boxer. E comes after D.
Remember?
A. B. C. D. E.
Oh. Lucky. I-I... I don't think
I'll ever
be able to write or-or-or...
- Read. buddy?
- Read!
Read! That's right. [chuckles]
[cheering]
Hey. Lucky.
[Lucky] What's going on.
Randolph?
Well. everyone's getting loaded
on to a truck. brother.
Really? Why?
[blows lips] I don't know.
Let's go find out
what's going on.
[giggles]
[barking]
- Bad dog! Bad dog! Bad!
- [Randolph] Bad dog! Bad dog!
Hey. ladies.
Where's everyone going?
[moos]
- [sheep bleating]
- Hey. sheep.
Why are you getting
on the truck?
[sheep] We're just following.
- We're just following.
- Coming through!
Show pigs coming through!
- Hi. Lucky.
- Oh. hey.
What's up. uh... Puff?
[groans angrily] It's Tammy!
That's Puff. you dork!
- So sorry!
- Don't worry. Lucky.
Just ignore it.
We are going on vacation.
- So cool.
- Wow. That's super cool.
Totally rad.
Super. totally rad.
Randolph. Boxer!
We're going on vacation!
Wowza!
I'm gonna cock-a-doodle
-do-nothing all day long!
Oh. I do hope it's
somewhere good.
There's no such thing
as good or bad.
Everything is chaos
because life is meaningless.
Oh. Benjamin. [chuckles]
- Hey! Hey. kid!
- Hey. Napoleon!
[Boxer] The thing was.
Lucky had a big heart
and trusted everyone.
even Napoleon.
who was funny.
but could you trust him?
Um...
You can... You can read. right?
Yeah. uh. Snowball taught me
to read and write.
Yeah. okay. I didn't ask
for your life story.
What does that say?
It says. uh...
"Laughter house"!
[Napoleon] Laughter house?
That sounds awesome!
I love to laugh. [laughs]
[laughs]
Squealer. do not make
fun of my laugh.
No. I. uh... I love your laugh.
- Your laugh makes me laugh.
- Hey. Snowball.
[Boxer] But mostly. he
learned from Snowball.
who cared about all the animals
on the farm.
Isn't it so cool and rad
that we're going on vacation
to a laughter house?
- [laughs]
- Wait. what?
[animals chattering]
[Snowball] Hmm?
That's weird.
Does anybody else think
this is just a teeny-tiny
bit suspicious?
Suspicious? No.
We're going on vacay. baby!
- Can I get a what-what?
- [all] What-what!
- [bottle clinking]
- [grunting]
- [grunting continues]
- [Snowball squealing]
[mumbling]
Well. good morning.
Farmer Jones.
It's Mr. Whymper from the bank.
Get off my... [hiccups] ...land!
I will not get off your land
because as of this morning.
your farm belongs to the bank.
[grunts. belches]
You refuse to pay your mortgage.
you refuse to sell.
so we are seizing the farm
and its odorous assets.
[incomprehensible speech]
Your objection is duly noted.
[belches]
[bottles clinking]
[ominous music plays]
[tense music plays]
[gasps]
No! No. no. no!
[squealing]
We're not going
to a laughter house.
It's a slaughter house.
- [all gasp]
- We're all gonna die!
[in unison] All gonna die!
All gonna die!
Ah. the uncertainty of life.
Will we die before or after
we go to the laughter house?
There is no laughter house!
They're gonna kill us!
We're food. especially me!
Look at all this deliciousness!
They want this!
So delicious! So delicious!
My fellow animals.
please listen.
We need freedom right now!
That's exciting.
What's freedom again?
- I think it's a kind of food?
- Ooh. what does it taste like?
Like the most delicious slop
you've ever had.
Freedom is not food!
I-Is it... Is it hay?
No! Freedom is the power to act.
speak. and think as one wants.
Freedom! Freedom!
Our lives are
miserable and short.
Now you're talking my language.
Humans lock us in cages
then take our milk and
our eggs and our wool.
And what do we get as a reward
for all that hard work?
Snowball. what could we do?
We can start a rebellion.
Rebellion? Great. Good idea.
Let's do it.
What's a rebellion?
We can join together and fight
and finally be free.
Do you want to be food
or do you want... freedom?!
[all chanting] Freedom! Freedom!
- [chirping]
- Freedom! Freedom!
Then let's fight for it!
- [whinnies]
- Freedom!
♪ There ain't no
holding us back ♪
♪ We outside dressed
in all black ♪
♪ It's going down like
a lumberjack ♪
♪ Take a look around Ain't no
needle in this haystack ♪
- [cattle prod buzzing]
- Help! Help!
[grunts]
Oh no! I'm gonna die!
I'm gonna die!
I don't wanna die! [screams]
Thanks. Napoleon!
You saved my life!
Uh... no problem. kid.
That's what I do.
♪ Smashed through the gates
No pumping the brakes ♪
[screams] Freedom's so scary!
♪ Hit like a ton ♪
♪ Ice in my veins ♪
♪ Got fire in my lungs ♪
♪ Cold as forty below
from my head to my toes ♪
Sorry.
♪ I'm about to explode ♪
♪ There ain't no holdin'
us back ♪
♪ Holdin' us back ♪
- [screams]
- ♪ If you stand on two legs ♪
- ♪ Then you're getting attacked ♪
- Go. sister. go!
Piggy power!
♪ There ain't no holdin'
us back ♪
♪ There ain't no holdin' us back
Come on ♪
♪ All the money
that you made... ♪
Freedom! Freedom!
♪ Better run or you're
getting the ax ♪
- ♪ So. E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I ♪
- [bottles clink]
- [belches]
- ♪ Let's go ♪
♪ Old MacDonald had a farm ♪
- [chirping]
- ♪ Had a farm. ha-had a farm ♪
♪ I said Old
MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ Brick by brick.
we break down the barn ♪
♪ Who runnin' it now?
Better sound the alarm ♪
- [man] Hey!
- ♪ Better sound the alarm ♪
♪ Old MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ So take a look around
Take-take a look around ♪
♪ 'Cause it's all gone ♪
[Boxer] Seeing man disappear
down that hill
was the happiest moment
of our lives.
It was our beautiful
dream coming true.
♪ Freedom. freedom.
freedom. freedom ♪
♪ Freedom ♪
- [Snowball vocalizing]
- [drone whirring]
[ominous music plays]
[whooshes]
- [chicken clucking]
- [Pilkington] Hmm.
[Pilkington laughs]
- Oh wow.
- [man screams]
Well. I did not expect that.
That is fun.
Bye-bye. Farmer Jones.
Hello to the last piece of land
I don't own.
- Moses?
- [whirs]
Get me that banker. Mr. Whymper.
And one of those
little yellow chicks.
They're adorable.
I want... that farm.
[grandiose music plays]
[Snowball laughs] We're free!
[Boxer] We're free?
We are free!
What could possibly go wrong?
To the farmhouse!
Let's party!
[disgusted grunt] Oh.
what is that smell?
Man stink.
[sniffs]
I'm getting hints
of unwashed underwear and. uh...
[sniffs] ...and hardboiled...
Is it hardboiled eggs?
- [objects clatter]
- Ooh.
It's naughty juice.
[sniffs]
[Tammy and Puff giggle]
- [clatters]
- Ow! Ooh. sorry.
[chirps excitedly]
Whoa! Wowza!
Where have you been all my life?
- [clinks]
- Ow!
[inquisitive music plays]
[rumbling]
- [buzzing]
- Ah! [bleats]
[yelps]
- [laughs] Tickles!
- [buzzing continues]
What's happening?!
What is this?!
Wow! This is crazy!
I can see. like. everything!
[yelps] What just happened?
This place is giving
me the creeps.
I propose that
the farmhouse be off-limits.
Let it sit empty as a reminder
of what we must not become.
- [giggling]
- [various animal calls]
[chicks chirping]
[cow moos]
Welcome. my fellow animals.
Things have changed.
There's no Jones
to tell us what to do.
[animals cheering]
[Napoleon] Animals run the farm!
Freedom!
Freedom! Freedom!
And to make sure
we keep our freedom.
I think we need some rules.
Rules! Rules!
What happens if an animal
breaks the rules?
Yeah. what happens if I break
the rules. for example?
Then that animal must
leave Animal Farm.
Lucky?
Whatever goes upon two legs is
an enemy! [voice echoes]
Whatever goes on four
legs is a friend.
Four legs good.
Two legs bad.
[Snowball] No animal
shall wear clothes.
- Puff!
- What?
We're show pigs!
[Snowball] No animal shall
sleep in a bed.
No animal shall ever
drink naughty juice.
- Who's naughty. huh?
- You're naughty.
- You can say that again.
I didn't mean that literally.
No animal shall ever
kill another animal.
And all animals are equal!
[animals cheering and laughing]
- [moos in distress]
- [gasps]
Her udder is about to burst!
[cows mooing in distress]
[gentle. upbeat music playing]
[mooing continues]
Hmm...
Hmm.
[gasps]
[upbeat dramatic music plays]
Ugh!
- [moos]
- Sorry. cow.
This is my first
time doing this.
[moos in relief]
[humming bright melody]
Alrighty. everybody!
Let's farm!
[upbeat melody plays]
[chirping]
[Snowball sings]
♪ Freedom. freedom ♪
♪ Freedom. freedom. freedom ♪
[Snowball vocalizing]
♪ Freedom ♪
Work hard!
[all] For Animal Farm!
[sarcastic tone] Oh. it's so
much better
than when Jones was here.
and I got to stand around
and do literally nothing.
It certainly is.
I was being sarcastic.
So was I.
You clearly know
what sarcasm is.
I actually don't.
[clucks]
[giggles]
[chirping]
[thunder rumbling]
[bright music plays]
[various animal calls]
[panting]
Hip hip hooray!
- [all] Hooray!
- [chicks chirping]
Alrighty. everyone.
Here's the plan.
We're going to put away
half of what we reap
into the granary for the winter.
Uh. I have a counterpoint to
that which is why?
I just said it. for the winter.
Okay. but what if we want
to eat it right now?
All those in favor of saving
half of what we harvest?
[cheers in agreement]
[Snowball] The
animals have spoken.
- [animals continue cheering]
- [gasps]
That was a great day of farming.
everybody.
Yeah. that was exhausting.
[laughs] You're so funny.
Napols. Har har har.
[laughs nervously] Crazy.
isn't it?
[water sloshing]
[dramatic music playing]
[Boxer] Now. Napoleon
always wanted
Lucky to look up to him...
[yawns]
...the way we all looked
up to Snowball.
Psst!
[yawns] Oh hey. Napoleon.
Hey. Lucky.
[barks]
[Lucky] Jones' dogs?
[Napoleon] Don't worry.
They're harmless.
I actually. uh. I found them
all alone and hungry.
and scared.
I knew then and there
I had to take care of them
- because first and foremost...
- [whimpers]
...all animals are
created equal.
- Am I right?
- Yeah.
Yeah. of course.
Look. Lucky. you are smarter
than the average farm animal.
[laughs] No. I'm...
No. You are special.
You are in fact a pig who can
read and write.
which is pretty cool!
[laughs] No. no. Well. thanks.
Hey. aren't you. uh.
forgetting something over here?
This milk ain't gonna
drink itself.
Come on!
Hey. where'd this come from?
It's leftovers.
It'll go to waste.
You should have this
for all your hard work.
Oh. no. no. no. Thank you.
But it's-it's supposed
to be shared equally.
[mocking tone] Buh-buh-buh!
There is no "supposed to"
anymore. okay?
We're free.
For example. I'm about to
fart right now.
[farts]
[barks]
[clucks]
[farting continues]
This is the sound of freedom.
- Ugh!
- [farting stops]
Thanks. Napoleon. [exhales]
Nice to be appreciated but...
Just enjoy the milk. kid.
Also. like. don't worry. You
know. it's our little secret.
[snoring]
[can clanks]
[whispers] I got you a surprise.
Boxer.
Hmm... [blows lips]
- It's extra milk.
- Oh!
Aren't-aren't we
supposed to. uh...
share everything?
There's no more
"supposed to's" anymore.
Besides. I milk them and you
work hard. so here you go.
Oh. I-I don't know. I don't...
[sighs] I mean. it gives me
a weird feeling in my heart
like a... well. like I'm doing a
terrible thing by drinking milk
that isn't mine.
I mean. I guess that's
just me. I...
I don't know. Boxer.
Everything's just so different
and new and confusing now.
It's hard to know what to do.
You worry too much. Lucky.
Remember what I always say...
just look up at the stars.
[both] They take all
our worries away.
[soft music plays]
Hmm... You're right. This was a
bad idea. I'll share it.
You know best. [yawns]
Well. goodnight. Lucky.
[sighs]
[stomach rumbling]
[Boxer snoring]
[sighs]
[satisfied sigh]
[snoring continues]
[piglets laughing]
[chicks chirping]
- [yawns]
- [Boxer snoring]
[Boxer] It turns out
freedom's a lot of work.
[groans]
- Cock-a...
- [cow moos]
[groans angrily]
- [moos]
- [clears throat]
[wearily] It's time
to farm again.
[animals groaning]
- [cow moos]
- [Lucky] We have a problem.
[moos in distress]
The cows require so
much milking.
- Sorry.
- [cow moos]
The milking machines
could do in an hour
what it takes a pig
to do in a day.
We need electricity.
And we're going to have
to make it ourselves.
Lucky. can I tell you a secret?
We shouldn't be in here.
We're breaking the rules.
I know. but believe me. Lucky...
it's for the good
of all the farm.
[Lucky] Wow.
Building a watermill.
We should have a farm meeting.
Um...
So all the animals
know what we're doing.
Let's skip it.
These barnyard animals can't
imagine what's good for them.
They need to be shown.
- But...
- Oh. Lucky.
You truly are one super honest
and decent pig.
But let's build
a water wheel first with Boxer
and then we can show them.
Snowball. I... [sighs]
[Napoleon snorts]
[upbeat music plays]
[grunts]
Whoa!
Oh. hey. uh... Puff?
- What's up?
- Do you need any help?
I. uh...
- I think I'm okay.
- Oh.
But you could take over for me
organizing the work
on the crops.
- Oh. really?
- Yeah!
You'd be great!
The-the crops are gonna be
organized! Thank you! Thank you!
Hey. uh. what's going on here.
Lucky?
Hey!
What's this secret thing
you're building?
Yeah. What's going on here?
You guys building
a secret thing?
We're building a watermill.
Boxer just has to pull the
water wheel into place.
Did-did you ask the rest
of the animals?
Uh. 'cause this looks like
a pretty big project. kid.
Yeah. looks real big. Whoa!
No. but Snowball thinks
they won't get it
until we show them what it does.
which we're about
to be able to do.
Oh. I get it. You know.
we should probably just call
a farm meeting. I think.
Yeah. I think it's about
that time. [clears throat]
- Can you stop that. please?
- Oh. yeah.
- Totally. dude.
- You don't have to do that.
- Yeah.
- Farm meeting!
Farm meeting!
I'm curious to know
what Snowball is using
our animals to build.
And well you might ask.
We are building a watermill.
A watermill will give
us electricity.
[animals gasping]
And with electricity.
we'll work half as much
and get twice as much done.
Go watermill!
[animals cheering]
I mean. I don't know.
A watermill?
It just sounds pretty boring
if you ask me.
It does sound boring.
I actually think that sounds
pretty interesting.
[gasps] Did I say that out loud?
Well. it might sound boring.
but it's almost done and
I can show you.
[mockingly] And when I show you
my watermill.
it'll be so boring!
[animals laughing]
I do not like Jones. He turned
half my family into bacon.
But to his credit. he was
not so boring.
- Way to be boring. Snowball.
- [laughter]
We should not have to listen
to Snowball tell us what to do.
Wait. what?
[fake snores] Oh. what?
Huh? Sorry.
I must've dozed off while you
were talking
'cause you're so boring!
Okay. let's decide.
Who wants to listen to Snowball
and build a watermill?
No. I... [groans angrily]
It's basically done.
I mean. just let me finish it.
- [animals booing]
- Yeah. boo is right.
And who wants to embrace freedom
without stupid rules.
especially when some animals.
namely one.
whose name begins with "Snow"
and ends with "Ball."
breaks the rules too?
[animals gasp]
You're funny. Napols.
Har har har.
Har. har. how about you explain
to everyone
what you were doing in
the farmhouse?
[animals gasp]
- Were you putting on clothes?
- [surprised clucks]
- Sleeping in beds?
- [gasps]
Or was it just drinking
naughty juice?
- [animal gasps]
- [chick chirps]
She was just getting a book
to help all of us!
Oh. is that right?
And you know that because. what.
you were there too?
[animals chattering]
Just kidding. everybody!
[laughter]
Oh. boy. Your-your face. Lucky!
I got you!
[laughs] He's hilarious!
I love you. Napoleon! You rock!
No. Tammy. You rock!
Now. let's finally get
- this animal party started!
- [animals cheering]
- Let's eat the grain!
- No. you can't!
You can't eat the grain.
We agreed to save it for winter.
If you do. we will all starve.
I'm honestly just confused.
Why won't Snowball let us eat
our grain? Come on!
It's not my grain.
It's all our grain.
Give us Snowball's grain!
- Give us Snowball's grain!
- No. no. no. Wait.
[all chanting] Give us
Snowball's grain!
Give us Snowball's grain!
Are you guys sure?
Maybe we should debate this?
No! I'm just trying
to do what's best.
And you animals are all
too stupid to understand!
[all gasp]
Oh. Ouch.
Ouchie. ouchie. ouchie. ouch.
That was not kind. Snowball.
You know.
many animals have been saying
that Snowball's disrespectful
and that Snowball is. you know.
condescending
and that Snowball treats them
worse than Jones.
But I. personally. I say
she's just tired.
Poor Snowball. she's tired of
telling us what to do all day.
That must be exhausting.
So what Snowball needs. I think.
is just a nice long vacation.
I don't wanna go on vacation.
A nice long vacation.
[animals chanting]
Vacation! Vacation!
[Napoleon] These guys
love a chant. See?
- They're with it.
- Vacation!
My fellow animals. please.
Listen.
[squealing loudly]
- [laughs] Crazy sound.
- [dog barks]
Oh. come here. cuties.
Yes. little guys. Come here.
- Oh. you're so misunderstood.
- [growls]
Okay. guys. Snowball is
super-duper tired
and she needs a vacay.
Can you be super nice and help
her reach her destination?
But wait. I... I don't want to...
[growls]
- Well. if that's what you
all want. - [gasps]
[somber music plays]
Have a great time. Snowball!
Send us a postcard!
- We will all miss you!
- Snowball. wait!
[Napoleon] Until you
get back. obviously.
Lucky.
[Napoleon] 'Cause you're
definitely coming back!
Just remember... all
animals are equal.
[Napoleon] You will
return. right?
[Boxer] We never saw
Snowball again.
Now. let's get our
winter grain on!
- [animals cheering]
- ♪ Shake it. shake it ♪
♪ It's just another side effect
of the happiness that I make ♪
- ♪ Oh hey hey ♪
- [chicks chirp]
♪ I'm turning on the dime.
now I'm flipping on the upside ♪
- ♪ Upside. upside ♪
- [chirps]
♪ Flipping on
the upside. upside ♪
♪ Dancing like I'm so high.
so high ♪
[laughs]
[in slow-motion] Woo!
[chirps in panic]
- ♪ Upside. upside ♪
- [humming cheerful melody]
- Whoa!
- Yeah!
♪ Upside ♪
- [laughs]
- Hey. Napols!
Check it before you wreck it!
- [grunts]
- Oof!
♪ Upside. upside ♪
♪ Dancing like I'm so high.
so high ♪
- [animals cheering]
- ♪ I'm turning on the dime ♪
[belches]
♪ Now I'm flipping
on the upside ♪
Owie. owie. owie!
I think I hurt myself.
Yeah. something's
definitely broken.
Hey. kid.
I know you were close
with Snowball.
but Snowball thought
she knew better.
You know? Like the way the
humans think they know better.
And the important thing is our
experiment is working. Look.
Look at it down there.
Look how happy everyone is.
- You did that.
- [chick chirping]
[Lucky] We all did.
Snowball especially.
No. no. You did. You did this.
Look. kid. I know she taught you
to read and whatever.
but truthfully. she was kinda
leading you astray.
And-and you don't want that.
do you?
But... No. but...
Things aren't always
what they seem. Lucky.
and-and I'll help you
decide what's right.
I'm proud of you. kid.
Of all of us. you know?
I'm proud of what we have done.
It is pretty amazing.
All of us working together.
Oh. yeah. sure. No. I get it.
All animals are equal.
Uh. very much so. you know?
But. you know. ultimately.
pigs kinda got to stick
with pigs. you know?
Cows gotta stick with cows.
chickens with chickens. and...
I guess what I'm saying is
ever since I saved you back
in the rebellion.
I feel like we have a
special bond. you know?
Almost... Almost like a
father-son thing. [chuckles]
- Is that crazy?
- No!
- Do you feel that at all?
- I feel the same way.
I feel the same way too.
Uh. yeah. please remove yourself
from this.
We're trying to have a
father-son moment. Thank you.
Oh. sure thing. Dad.
No! Not "Dad"!
You and I may be a
bit more Uncle-y
or like a distant cousin.
Very distant cousin.
[Squealer] Oh. okay.
Of course. Pops.
[Napoleon] No. not
"Pops" either.
Definitely not "Pops."
Let's not do that.
[Squealer] No. I was using
"Pops" as a
generic term of endearment.
[Napoleon] Yes. I know. Shut up.
You're ruining this whole thing.
[Boxer] Napoleon wanted pigs...
[blows lips]
...to stick with pigs.
But why? I mean. we were
all animals. right?
♪ Cock-a-doodle-doo-woo ♪
- ♪ Cock-a-doodle... ♪
- [car horn playing melody]
- Man? Man?!
- [car door opens]
Oh! Doody!
- [moos]
- [yelps]
Hello there. cows.
[moos angrily]
Jeffrey Whymper.
I'm here to discuss what
you owe the bank.
- [moos]
- Hey!
Give those back! Oof!
- Ah. pigs.
- [snorts]
- Are you in charge?
- [laughs]
[laughs] Look. between you and
me.
I want you animals to
stay on this farm
am I right?
And to do that.
you gotta pay the bank money.
Now. this magic paper is money.
You must give me a thousand
magic papers every month.
For the next 30 years.
Because if you don't. I'll have
to sell it to Pilkington.
And we don't want that. do we?
[laughs] Welcome to
the free world!
- This is not good.
- This is so. so bad.
- We have to get magic paper.
- How?
[sarcastic tone] Yeah. sure.
Let's just go to the
magic paper store.
This guy. Geez.
We have to sell what we make.
That's how Jones got money.
Good plan. I like that.
- [upbeat music plays]
- [child] Wow! Awesome!
[bleats]
[Lucky] How do you know those
are the best eggs in the county?
Have you done some sort
of taste test?
[Squealer] No idea.
But if people believe it.
they buy them.
- So it's a lie?!
- Pretty much.
I don't think we should lie!
It's not lying. It's hoping. And
who here doesn't like the hope?
Can we add the word "organic"?
Then it'll be at
least half true.
Attaboy!
[chuckles] Animals
running a farm?
I had to see it for myself.
Okay. Time to talk blah blah.
[snorts]
My name... [snorts]
Aw! So cute!
[whispers] Activate cute eyes.
I'd rather gouge them out.
- [bleats]
- [moos]
["Googa Mama" by The
Bongolian plays]
♪ What time it is ♪
[laughs]
I think my kid just
peed his pants.
I can't believe I'm buying eggs
from a chicken.
- Oh! [chuckles]
- [chirps]
[indistinct chatter]
[car horn playing melody]
[car door opens and closes]
There are some parts
of this job I just hate.
But the bank's gonna do
what the bank's gonna do.
I got no choice. pigs.
[snorts]
[grunts]
Magic paper.
Oh.
Congrats! You're real
businessmen!
I mean. pigs.
This is your profit.
Minus what you've paid the bank.
It's more than Jones
ever coughed up.
See you next month.
[tense music plays]
[Pilkington] Well?
[Whymper] Well. how can I put
this? It's unbelievable. really.
- The piggies paid up.
- What?
[Whymper] So. hate to be that
guy but the farm's theirs.
Until they can't pay.
I want that land.
I need that land.
Oh. I am sure you can
live without it.
Don't get cute with me. Whymper.
You're a banker.
Well. today. I'm an honest.
kind. and incorruptible one.
- Toodle-oo!
- [tires screeching]
- Well...
- [dramatic tense music plays]
...my enterprising
little porkers.
You are so about to become
my new best friends.
I had an idea.
Now that we're businesspigs.
I mean. we should probably
move into the farmhouse.
Just so when the
humans come back.
they know we're
in charge. right?
But we're not in charge.
And anyway. we're not
supposed to live
in the farmhouse. remember?
Mm... no. I vaguely... I honestly
don't really remember that.
- And says who?
- Uh...
[both] Snowball.
Snowball?!
Snowball who thought
she was better than us?
Snowball who kept telling
us what to do?
- Ugh!
- Snowball the rule-breaker?
The freedom-hater and
killer of all our dreams and
everything good?
If we're free.
then let's be free already.
Yeah. let's be free already.
[dramatic music plays]
But... Ooh. [sighs]
Why do you need to move?
Pigs gotta stick with pigs.
Like the way you should
be with horses.
Why should I be with horses?
'Cause you have more in common.
Like you can talk about
manes and trotting
and-and manure.
Well. you make manure too.
Also. there aren't
any other horses.
My point is.
we're still friends.
Boxer. look. the pigs are
working like crazy up there.
This won't change anything.
But I-I thought we were
like best friends.
We are best friends.
And we'll always
be best friends.
I promise. nothing has changed.
We'll just be best
friends who live
in slightly different
locations. okay?
Yeah. but who will
teach me my ABZs?
I... You'll be fine.
Just remember
E comes after D. okay?
Not before.
Oh boy.
I hope he's careful.
Oh. he'll be okay.
He's Lucky. I mean...
It's not him I'm worried about.
[sighs]
Um...
E...
M...
C...
Two.
I wish I wasn't so dumb!
[yawns]
[pensive music plays]
[sighs]
So. we have all this
extra magic paper.
What should we do with it?
I have what might be considered
a strange idea.
We should obviously spend it!
- [cheering and laughing]
- Yeah. baby!
[pleasant music plays]
[Lucky] Hello there.
Nice to meet you.
Did that pig just talk?
Oh wow.
[announcer]
Double butter pretzel.
Oh wow! Oh wow-wow-wow-wow!
I don't know where to
put my eyes!
So. Lucky. I've noticed
that you like Puff!
- What?!
- Don't deny it.
- I've noticed.
- I mean... Uh...
I don't know.
[gasps]
I think I'm in love with...
I don't know what to do.
Do I tell her?
What?! No! Puff is a show pig.
So you gotta impress her.
Not act like some basic
barnyard animal.
You gotta be all... [lowers
voice] ...low on the register.
[lowers voice] Like this?
Oh yeah. You gotta get
a swagger on.
Like this?
Yes! You dig it?
Oh. I dig it.
- [gasps] Look!
- [laughs]
[Napoleon and Lucky] Oh yeah!
[Pilkington on screen]
At Pilkington's.
reality is only limited
by your imagination.
Look at all the lights. Oh my!
Oh wow! Check this out!
[whirs]
[Napoleon] Whoa! Look at that!
- So dope!
- Wow!
Don't think. just buy it!
Buy it all!
♪ So fine ♪
- Wah!
- [Tammy] That's me!
I'm beautiful!
[yelps]
- [screams]
- [Napoleon laughs]
[humming pop melody]
Hey. there's your chance.
- Get her stuff.
- Get her stuff?
- She's a queen.
- [gulps]
[humming continues]
- [lowers voice] Hey. babe.
- Babe?!
Puff is what I said. not babe.
Oh. you definitely said "babe."
And what is wrong
with your voice? Ugh!
Uh. nothing. I...
[announcer]
Double butter pretzel.
I mean... [clears throat]
[in normal voice] You want a
double butter pretzel. Puff?
[laughs]
You know what. I will have
a pretzel. Thanks. Lucky.
Wow. Now that is a cool car!
Oh. Oh. I want that car.
You see someone in that
car and you think
that person has it all.
- You know what. Moses?
- [Napoleon laughs]
Perhaps these little piggies
needs a gift or two.
[laughs]
[people laughing]
[man] Look at it!
Does that pig think it's human?
What a freak!
[mocking laughter]
[whispers] What an animal.
- I think it's time to go.
- What?!
- But we just got here!
- [Squealer] Napoleon.
What about our stuff?
[laughter and chattering]
Looks like somebody's
having a good time.
Yes. working hard is the best.
[scoffs]
[tense music plays]
[Napoleon] Come on!
[grunts angrily]
None of this stuff works!
These humans ripped us off!
- No!
- I can't use my waffle maker?
- My massage chair!
- It's okay.
I know what's wrong.
We just don't have
any electricity.
[bleating] Heave! Heave! Heave!
Guys. what are we doing?
They're in the cart
and we're pulling pork?
Animals. picture if you will.
a world where it is
light at night.
A world where machines
are doing the milking.
A world where the only limit to
reality is our imagination.
What the oink does that mean?
Heard it in town.
Thought it sounded cool.
Which is why it is imperative
that we build the watermill.
Isn't this the thing
that we all decided was boring?
Now you're the one
who sounds boring. so shut up.
- Boring donkey! Boring donkey!
- [scoffs]
Will you stop with
the wooly thinking?
Benjamin has a point.
Boxer. would you like to
live in a world
where your dreams come true
or no. you're not into that?
Well... [blows lips]
Um...
Well. my best buddy Lucky
says it's okay and.
hey. Napoleon's
always been right.
So. uh. go watermill!
- And work hard for Animal Farm!
- [animals] For Animal Farm!
Pigs. farmhouse now.
While the animals finish
the watermill.
we have a much more
important job to do.
The humans will not respect us
until we learn to
stand on two feet.
- [gasps]
- That's how it is.
Hate to say it but it's true.
But doesn't that violate the
four legs good.
two legs bad rule?
Uh. I don't know if you remember
that rule correctly.
Maybe. uh. take another gander.
"Four legs good.
Two legs better"?
You just repainted it.
What?! No! How dare you!
We are bigger than humans
and yet. they look down on us
because we are unable
to stand up to them.
Well... Well. I say no more.
What you guys are about to see
may disturb you.
But I ask you not to look away.
- Huh?
- [rousing music plays]
[laughs]
[grunts]
- [grunts]
- Whoa!
[squeals] Napoleon!
It's happening! Oh. no. no! Oof!
Are you okay?
[grunts] I got it.
[grunting]
[grunts]
[laughs]
[yelps]
- [exhales]
- Come on. Puff!
I think I need
to take a breather for a second.
- You can do it!
- Why is two legs so hard?
I feel like I've got vertigo
and I can't breathe now.
- [Napoleon] Yes! Yes!
- Look! Look!
Yeah! I'm walking here!
Join me. son! Come on!
I'm coming. Father!
Yeah! Woo!
Woo-hoo! Yeah!
[clucks]
[gasps]
Cock-a-doodle-
do-my-eyes-deceive-me?
- Congratulations. Animal Farm.
- [chicks chirping]
- [gasps]
- [plops]
- [Napoleon] We did it!
- [gasps]
- [ominous music plays]
- What are they doing?!
You can't walk on two legs.
Now you're just like Jones.
Four legs good. Two legs bad.
You're breaking the rule.
Have you read the rule. donkey?
[sheep] "Four legs good.
Two legs better."
"Four legs good.
[Carl] That wasn't the rule.
I mean. kudos on the reading.
but you're still idiots.
Say something. Carl?
Couldn't quite hear you.
Nothing.
Okay. then.
if Carl's done interrupting.
let's get our go-go force on!
[cheering and squealing]
- [dramatic music plays]
- [chick chirps]
[grunting]
[cheering]
[grunts] Work...
hard.
- [grunts]
- [suspenseful music plays]
[moos]
[grunts]
Boxer!
Oh no! Come on. everyone!
- [grunts]
- Uh-uh.
It's not your place to be in
the dirt with the others. son.
Be cool.
I got you. buddy.
Ass support is here.
- Pain!
- Pain! Ow!
- [grunts]
- [gasps]
Where's "Bucky" going?
- To Loser Town.
- Lucky!
[grunts]
[Lucky] I'm right
behind you. Boxer!
[grunts]
[rousing music plays]
[chirping excitedly]
- Work hard for Animal Farm!
- [animals] For Animal Farm!
[cheering]
Watermill! Watermill!
We did it!
[watermill thuds]
[buzzes]
[upbeat rock song plays]
[Napoleon] This pig party rules!
[Boxer] And just like that.
we were no longer equal.
[somber music plays]
[moos]
- Move along.
- This is less than yesterday.
Or more than tomorrow.
Depends on how you look at it.
Move along. freak sheep! Next!
[bleats]
Thank you.
[gulps]
Lucky. I got it!
Let's hear it. bud. A. B...
[Boxer] C. E...
- D.
- Awesome. buddy!
My brain just goes
to mush when I do this.
- [car engine revs]
- [gasps]
- [tense rock music plays]
- [revving]
[tires screeching]
You're wearing clothes!
Oh. yeah. Would you
look at that? I am.
Gifts from the glamorous
and generous...
[animals gasping]
...Freida Pilkington.
- [moos]
- She gave you the car too?
Even better. She gave it
to me on credit.
Which means all you give them
is this little tiny card
and they give you cars!
I just wanted to meet
all you famous animals
who got rid of your humans
and are running your own farm.
- [chirps]
- [gasps]
Oh. look at you.
You adorable little fuzzball.
- I just wanna eat you up.
- [chirps]
[laughs] No. it's just
a figure of speech.
- [laughs]
- Plus. I already ate breakfast.
Now. there's a trunk
full of gifts
and some party supplies
for the pigs in charge.
So invite me in and let's get
down to the business
of celebrating your success.
- [pigs cheering]
- [dance music plays]
- Look at this!
- All right.
- [Napoleon] Yeah! Yeah!
- [cameras clicking]
Don't I look fabulous! [laughs]
Woo! Yeah!
- Yeah!
- Yeah. yeah! It's my turn now.
Check me out. Daddy-o!
You know I be looking fly! Yo!
Catch me! Catch me!
Somebody help!
- Yeah!
- [cheering]
[Boxer] That was the last rule.
and the pigs were breaking it.
♪ A wop bop a loo bop
a lop bom bom ♪
♪ Tutti frutti. oh rootie ♪
[tense music plays]
What's the problem. kid?
[Lucky] Uh... I'm not
thirsty right now.
We're celebrating.
Don't embarrass me here.
Okay. [chuckles nervously]
Ugh! [chuckles]
[hiccups]
[drone whirs]
"No animal shall drink
naughty juice to excess."
That's not what it said before.
Does no one remember?
Is it just me?
Am I losing my mind?
[beeps. whirs]
[chirps]
[whimpers]
No grain?
[groans] No grain!
Yeah? Big surprise.
- [laughs]
- Napoleon?
I have a proposition
I'd like to discuss with you.
- One-to-one.
- Two-to-one. actually.
I'm his PA. publicist.
pedicurist. Everything.
Squealer. shut up.
My line. Squealer.
Let's go into business together.
Let me help you maximize
the potential of this farm.
[laughs] Maximize? I mean.
how much more max
can you get than this?
Yeah. we're max to the max
over here. [chuckles]
I like you. Freida. but. um...
I got this.
Everyone is saying I'm doing
a really. really super job.
Super duper.
You do know I could just
crush you. Napoleon.
Well. you could.
uh. if you do that.
people would hate you
because you treated us poor
downtrodden animals badly.
If we put that out there.
of course.
'Cause. you know what?
People just love animals.
[tense music plays]
Forget I even mentioned it.
Hey. Puff! What are you doing?
Is everything okay?
I'm leaving the farmhouse.
Lucky.
What?! But why?
This is all wrong.
Can't you see what's happening?
We have to trust Napoleon.
He is our leader.
Just look at what he's
done for everyone.
Then why aren't you inside
drinking naughty juice with him
instead of talking out
here with me?
Pigs gotta stick with pigs.
Just listen to yourself. Why are
you still following this guy?
He saved my life! That's why!
Well. now you have to
save yourself.
So long... babe.
- [car engine revving]
- Woo-hoo!
Oh. I'm sorry. Did I pop your
little love bubble? [chuckles]
Hey. watch this. losers.
- [car engine revving]
- [tires screeching]
Woo-hoo-hoo-hoo!
- Woo-hoo!
- [car engine revving]
[in slow-motion] Hi. Dad!
Squealer!
I parked the car!
Yeah. baby!
Let's have no one do that again.
[laughs]
[Boxer] Lucky knew in his heart
that the pigs had gone too far
and our dream was
becoming a nightmare.
Cock-a-doodle-do you wanna see
what's going on out here?!
[gasps] Whoa!
[animals clamoring]
Stop! Stop!
Why are you doing this?
We need food! We need food!
Okay. Calm down.
Calm down! Calm down!
Wrong chant.
[chanting] Wrong chant.
Wrong chant. Wrong chant.
This is called not being
entirely delighted
with our current situation.
We are starving!
And we're not even being
overly dramatic here either!
Guys. please stop! I have some
terrible. tragic news!
[crowd quiets]
[sighs] Our leader...
Our leader has been poisoned.
[gasps]
Napoleon! [sobs]
I'm okay!
I'm okay. everyone! I'm fine!
I thought I was dead.
But I feel much better now.
Hey! All right. I can see you're
all a little grouchy today.
so any complaints.
please do write them down
or call the Animal Farm
helpline. uh...
- Ow! That...
- [chirps]
Oh! Oh. I'm gonna sue you!
Oh. I'm gonna sue you.
you little freak.
Yeah. walk away!
Let's charge the house!
- [chirps]
- [tense music plays]
- [yelps]
- We can fix this.
- We can fix this!
- [animals yelling angrily]
Sure.
Food is somehow just gonna fall
right from the sky.
- [whooshes]
- [screams]
Huh... [squeals]
[helicopter rotors whirring]
[Napoleon grunts]
- Napoleon?
- [phone chimes]
Napoleon.
- [Napoleon grunting angrily]
- Napoleon.
I knew when Snowball insisted
we eat the grain...
[grunts] ...that she was wrong!
That totally was the worst
when she did that.
Can we all just take a moment
to remember how she was
totally the worst?
Wait! No. no. no. She didn't
want us to eat it. Remember?
We got to think of solutions.
not relitigate the past.
- What about the magic paper?
- [slurping]
We used up all the magic paper.
To keep the car.
it turns out I gotta
give the car store
magic paper every single month!
It's the worst!
I hate that place!
[snorting angrily]
What if...
What if we sold off the animals?
[menacing music plays]
What are you talking about?
You can't sell the animals.
We don't own them.
They're free like us.
I was joking! Geez!
It was a test and I'm appalled.
frankly. you even considered it.
I got my eye on you. Lucky.
Our entire world is crumbling!
We have to ask...
[whispers]
...Pilkington for help.
[groans softly]
[ominous music plays]
- [Napoleon stomps feet]
- [Lucky] Napoleon.
Napoleon.
["The Blue Danube" plays]
- [whooshing]
- [car revving]
I'm just sure we can learn a lot
from each other.
[Napoleon] Whoa!
[Pilkington] This could be the
dawn of a new era.
Oh wow. Check it out.
Whoa!
[Pilkington] Pigs and humans
working together.
[horse yelps in distress]
[whines loudly]
[mooing]
[cows mooing]
Okay. I'm gonna be honest
'cause I respect you. Napoleon.
I live to dominate.
I crushed my competitors
so I can raise prices as
much as I want.
[Napoleon] I like a
lady who crushes.
What I need to crush now
are electricity prices.
[both] Whoa!
[Pilkington] I've seen the
watermill you built.
Very impressive.
Isn't it. Moses?
But if I replaced it with a dam.
you could provide me
with all the power I need
for years to come.
And in return.
I'll give you and your animals
as much free food as you can eat
for the rest of your lives.
Oh!
Pigs and humans working together
The media will love us!
It's brilliant.
I like the optics.
We like the optics too.
Actually. we love the optics.
[whispers] Squealer.
what are optics?
I think it's a kind of seafood?
- [beeps]
- What do you say?
- Do we have a deal?
- I have one question.
And that question is.
what about Napopo?
I'm sorry. "Napopo" is?
Hmm.
Oh! Of course.
You and I will be on every
billboard in the land. Napopo.
Oh. okay. okay.
But what about TV commercials?
[gasps] Ooh. a movie franchise
where I play myself.
No one's done that.
All of it! This is your moment.
Napopo.
What do you say?
Napopo wants his own
action figure.
["Get Ready for This"
by 2 Unlimited plays]
- [rumbling]
- [chirps]
[Squealer] Yeah. yeah!
Here it is!
The Notorious P-I-G.
our fearless leader.
[bleating]
The sexiest swine alive.
The one. the only...
- ♪ Ready for this ♪
- ...Napopo!
[Boxer] And then man came back
like a terrible storm.
Hmm.
[drones whirring]
[Lucky] But it's our farm.
Our home.
- The animals need their fields.
- For what?
To-to frolic.
To frolic?!
What's more important.
frolicking or the continued
existence of Animal Farm?
Kid. listen to me.
You have to convince
Boxer to go for this.
The animals all look up to him
for some reason.
They trust him.
If he says we should build the
dam. the animals will agree.
Boxer won't give up Animal Farm.
He's worked his whole life here.
Do me a favor and try.
And. call a farm meeting
while you're at it.
[tense music plays]
- [rumbling]
- [animals yelp]
Animals. things are about to get
a whole lot better.
We are gonna build a dam
and a power plant.
And in exchange.
- we are gonna get free food...
- [rumbling]
...for the rest of our lives!
Who's in?
Free food! Free food!
Seriously?
- You believe this guy?
- Free food! Free food!
Um. what will the dam and the
power plant do to the farm?
Uh. you won't even
know it's there.
I mean. you might lose a few
fields but nothing major.
- [rumbling]
- [yelps] That one was close.
- That one was pretty close.
- [animals whimpering]
- [somber music plays]
- [wind whooshes]
But what's wrong with
our water wheel?
I love our water wheel.
But the dam will create power
for the whole valley.
But-but-but with humans
working here.
it won't be a farm just for. you
know. like. animals anymore.
It... It's still our farm.
Boxer.
And anyway. you should retire.
Enjoy yourself.
But work is all I know.
Work is-is what I live for.
[explosion]
You have been so brave.
my heroes.
and all I'm asking for now
is your loyalty and obedience.
[sheep] Obedience! Obedience!
Well. uh. we need fields.
We are animals.
This is our home.
Benjamin's right.
- [moos]
- [chirps]
If the pigs didn't
eat all the food
and use up all the magic paper
on stuff like the red car.
and Squealer's face lift...
- Huh?
- ...we wouldn't be hungry.
[Napoleon] Ah. Boxer!
Look at you!
Everyone trusts you.
They always have.
And they always will.
So. would you like to work
harder than you ever have
in your entire life in order
to help Animal Farm
and build us a dam?
[splutters] Well. um. thank you.
I... I would. Napoleon.
I love work more than anything
on this good earth
and you. sir. are always right.
Long live the dam
and long live Animal Farm.
Long live the dam!
Long live Animal Farm!
- Long live the dam!
- [ominous music plays]
Long live Animal Farm!
[giggles]
[explosion booms]
[debris clattering]
[gasps]
Tammy. show them what they won!
[grunts]
All right. everyone!
Come and get it!
Free food! Free food!
All you can eat.
delivered every week.
And no back-breaking work
to get it. It just appears.
Now that's what I call
mega-freedom!
[lively game show music plays]
[music turns ominous. intense]
[cheers and applause]
- Time for a celebration.
- You betcha.
Big day tomorrow.
This is gonna
change everything. Napopo.
Just you wait.
[yelps]
- [man screams]
- Huh?
[grunts]
[man grunts]
[man panting]
Boxer. what are you doing?
He's all squished. so we gotta
unsquish him and fast!
There's no way you can
lift that machine.
Of course I can. buddy.
It's what I do.
Just you watch.
[grunts]
Work hard...
- [grunts] ...for Animal Farm!
- [Carl] Come on. Boxer.
[straining]
- Work...
- [Carl] Oh. push harder!
[Puff] Come on! Come on. Boxer!
...hard! [grunts]
[Lucky] Come on. Boxer!
You've got this!
- [clinks]
- Uh. milkshake?
What's in it?
- Something I call Popo Power.
- [laughs]
Oh. Napopo. you kill me. honey.
Really. you're so. so funny.
[laughs] Yeah.
You're a funny guy.
I'm so glad this worked
out for everybody.
Bottom's up!
Here's to finally getting paid.
- [suspenseful music plays]
- [grunting]
Animal... [straining]
- Ah!
- [cheering]
You can do it. buddy!
- [chanting] Boxer! Boxer!
- [grunts]
[grunts]
[straining]
[grunts] Uh!
[exhales]
[cheering]
Ow.
- [grunts]
- [animals gasping]
Ooh! [exhales]
Uh. Oh.
Oh well...
Would you
look at that. [chuckles]
I think my leg is... broken.
It'll be okay.
I-I... I don't think so.
Horses...
We don't... We don't
survive broken legs.
Is he... unsquished?
Yes. he's-he's fine
and you'll be fine.
Help! Boxer's hurt!
Call a horse doctor!
Mustang's pranged.
I repeat: mustang is pranged.
Operation Glue De Grâce is on.
Oh. I-I...
- I'm just so. so tired.
- [somber music plays]
Stay with me. Boxer!
[labored breathing]
[helicopter rotors whirring]
[indistinct radio chatter]
[groans]
[weakly] Work hard...
[all] For Animal Farm!
[menacing music plays]
Hey! Hey! [gasps]
No! No!
There's been a mistake! Boxer's
been taken to the glue factory!
We have to stop them
before it's too late!
It's too late. He's in a
better place now.
- What do you mean?
- He's glue. Lucky.
- That-that...
- [lively party music playing]
wasn't a mistake. was it?
It's fitting because in a way.
Boxer was the glue that held
us all together.
[laughing]
He... was my best friend.
It's okay. Lucky.
I-I know you are upset.
But the fact is. Boxer
was an old horse
who was ultimately worth...
- nothing! [laughs]
- [laughs]
No! No!
- What's going on?
- [Napoleon] Oh. that?
Uh. yeah. we're just finalizing
our deal with Pilkington.
you know?
Good news is we don't need
animals anymore.
so once the deal closes.
we're selling them.
Can I get a what-what?
[all] What-what!
You can't do this!
Okay?
Oh. I can. but you just
have to trust me.
We have a bond. right?
A very special bond.
Our bond is broken.
Hey. don't cross me. [laughs]
All right?
'Cause you don't wanna end up
like Boxer or...
- [ominous music plays]
- ...Snowball for that matter.
[monstrous laugh]
No!
[Boxer] When Lucky looked
from pig to man
and man to pig.
he couldn't tell
which was which.
No!
[groans]
[growls]
[Lucky yelps]
- Hey. kids!
- [dogs growling]
Lucky is going on vacation!
[suspenseful music plays]
[barking]
[panting]
- [panting]
- [tense music plays]
[growls. barks]
- Still living the dream. kiddo?
- [startled yelp]
[exhales] Benjamin.
I'm so sorry.
I know you can never forgive me.
It's not my forgiveness
that you're asking for.
No stars tonight.
- [somber melody plays]
- [sobs]
Lucky.
Are you an animal or a pig?
I'm a... [sniffles]
I'm-I'm...
I don't know what happened.
I-I... I thought I was doing
the right thing but... [sobs]
You know. Boxer
never complained.
Always had a kind word.
Drove me absolutely nuts.
But more important...
he spoke through his actions.
That's...
That's the kindest thing
you've ever said.
Okay. maybe too much action.
I have to fix all of this.
don't I?
Not for Boxer.
He's gone.
Okay. I get it.
I'm an animal. Benjamin.
An animal.
[gentle melody plays]
[young voice] Excuse me?
Is that the end of the story?
[Lucky] It felt like it at
the time. but no.
Animals don't give up that easy.
He wasn't gonna win.
And when you're lucky like me.
and you've got real
friends like this...
You were a... a real jerk.
I was a huge jerk.
And an idiot.
A gigantic idiot.
You were arrogant.
insensitive. inconsiderate.
- Sure. All those things.
- [animals] Yeah!
With delusions of grandeur
bordering on narcissistic
personality disorder.
Puff's been teaching us to read.
What do you want. Lucky?
I want us to remember
that feeling...
that we had when we chased
the slaughterhouse
truck off the farm.
I want us to remember the
smell of the hay
and the taste of the grain
after our first harvest
and how...
Boxer smiled
every time he had a
big job to do.
And the pride in
Snowball's voice
as she said all
animals are equal
for the very first time.
And yes. I do want
your forgiveness and your trust.
because I promise you all
that I will tell Napoleon
he's selfish...
- [sheep bleating]
- ...a liar and a bad leader.
But most of all.
he broke the rules.
All of them.
And any animal who breaks the
rules must leave Animal Farm!
- [cheering]
- So what do we do?
We rebel! And we
start right now!
[chanting "Napoleon!"]
- [car horn honking]
- Hmm.
[car engine revving]
[grunts]
[Lucky] Now. the thing Napoleon
hates more than anything
is looking weak and stupid.
So. we're gonna do both.
[snoring]
[chirps softly]
- Oh. Napopo!
- [chirps]
- [giggles]
- [chirping]
[sniffs]
[growls]
[grunts]
Oh. Napoleon. my good man.
Oh. I mean. pig. Sorry.
No apology needed
and if I may say. you are the
smartest pig I've ever met.
- And I mean that.
- [chirping]
[grunts]
[Lucky] First. we need to hook
into their system
so we can have some fun.
[dogs growling]
[sniffs]
[growls. sniffs]
- [growling]
- [gulps]
Well. your destiny awaits.
[chirping]
[growls]
[camera clicks]
[barks]
[rock music plays]
[crowd chanting]
Napoleon! Napoleon!
[Napoleon] Oh. yeah!
Woo-hoo. baby!
Oh yeah!
[Lucky] Next. we'll
need some things
to help us get their attention.
[chanting continues] Napoleon!
Napoleon! Napoleon! Napoleon!
Yeah!
[Lucky] And lastly. it all ends
with a massive fireworks show.
Let's throw them
down here. ladies.
[Lucky] Or does it?
[growls]
[crowd chanting] Napoleon!
Napoleon! Napoleon! Napoleon!
Today we are here
to celebrate power.
And not just the electric power
being generated by
our state-of-the-art.
incredible. hydroelectric dam.
No. I'm talking about
the other kind of power.
They say that kind
of power corrupts
and that absolute power
corrupts absolutely.
And I say. whoever said that
is a big. whiny. loser!
[crowd cheering]
I was born to be bacon.
but am I a big whining loser?
[crowd] No!
Pilkington was a little girl
with zero personality.
no friends.
but is she a big whining loser?
- [crowd] No!
- No is right. my friends.
So. if you want to be
a pig like me.
you gotta remember
one oinking thing.
All animals are equal.
But some are more
equal than others.
So let me hear it!
All animals are equal...
[all] But some are more
equal than others!
- [Napoleon] Again!
- All animals are equal.
But some are more
equal than others!
You got it. Yes!
All animals are equal. But some
are more equal than others!
[Napoleon] Yeah!
- [bass-heavy beat playing]
- Oh yeah!
[cheering]
Is everyone in position?
Operation Party Pooper is a go.
Would you like to do the honors?
[gasps] Oh. why thank you.
I would.
Let's show the world
what Napoleon's really like.
And now. I give you
the Animal Farm
Hydroelectric Dam!
[whirring]
["Saucy" by The Mondays
& LiTTiE plays]
♪ A little bit of that
and a little bit of this ♪
- [grumbles]
- [laughing]
[chirping]
[grunting]
[uproarious laughter]
♪ With a sauce on it ♪
What is going on?
Just launch the fireworks now!
It's not...
- [grunts]
- [laughter grows louder]
Oh! Moses!
- [screams]
- Out of my way. you...
Come on. you stupid thing! Fire!
- Fire!
- Napopo!
[grunts]
[buzzes]
- [sparks]
- [humming bright melody]
Huh?
[sniffs] Huh!
[sighs in relief]
[screams in pain]
[blowing]
Oh!
[screams]
- [sparks]
- Work hard for Animal...
[fireworks whistling]
Woo-hoo! It worked! It worked!
Yeah!
[gasps]
[Lucky] Come on! We've gotta go!
Lucky!
Run! [pants]
Huh?
[yelps]
Did we plan this?
No. this was not
part of the plan.
Everyone. get to higher ground.
To the farmhouse.
[dramatic music playing]
- Uh...
- Drive. you idiot!
[revving]
- What did you do?
- I didn't do anything.
- [grunts]
- [tires screech]
[Pilkington and
Napoleon whimper]
Help! Napopo! Help!
- Ah!
- [car horn honks]
[Squealer gasps]
Quickly! Get to the farmhouse!
[dramatic music plays]
You get the young
ones to safety.
- Where are you going?
- To find Napoleon.
- Why?
- To tell him.
He must leave Animal Farm.
- Puff?
- Yeah?
- Thank you.
- Oh.
Anytime. babe.
[Puff grunts]
[chirps]
I got you. buddy.
[panicked whimpering]
[panting]
Tammy!
Hey... [gasps]
[grunts. screams]
- Do something!
- I'm trying!
Napopo!
- You idiot!
- Quit yelling at me!
Lucky! Ah!
[muffled screaming]
[grunting]
[gasping]
- [Pilkington] Moses!
- [beeps]
- [whirs]
- [laughs]
Oh!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
- [Pilkington screams]
- [drone beeps]
[gasping]
I gave you everything!
Everything!
You're a liar. Napoleon!
Your whole life is a lie!
The only truthful thing that
ever came out of you
was a bad smell.
Ooh. Ouch. That really
breaks my heart.
Then try.
Try telling the truth for once.
Okay. Okay. I will.
I always wanted a son.
And so I treated you
like my son.
and this is how you repay me!
You didn't treat me
like your son.
You used me and everyone else
to get what you wanted.
You broke every rule. so now you
gotta leave. Napoleon.
You are so not a pig.
You are a weak. sucky. smelly.
disgusting. stupid...
- [yells]
- ...ungrateful. ignorant animal!
- [grunts]
- Ow!
[grunting]
[intense dramatic music playing]
[strains]
[grunting]
Lucky!
[suspenseful music plays]
[muffled screaming]
[burbling]
[dog whimpers]
[chirps sadly]
[somber music plays]
[screams. groans]
Don't-don't worry. everyone.
The rooster is okay.
It was touch-and-go for a
minute. but I made it out.
Wait. Uh... what?
We-we lost Lucky.
Uh... he's right here.
- Lucky!
- [uplifting music plays]
Is everyone here?
Yeah.
Well...
Not everyone.
[Whymper] Hello there!
You know what? Keep the farm.
I'll see myself out.
[Boxer] Lucky asked all
the young ones
to look up at the stars
and remember our story.
We dreamed of freedom. but...
looked for it in the
wrong place.
- Really?
- Yeah.
We were never going
to find freedom
in a leader like Napoleon.
Or even Snowball
for that matter.
What about the rooster?
Well. I thought you'd never ask.
Let's cock-a-doodle-doo this.
-Yeah
-Great idea.
No. no no no.
That's not it.
Boxer thought that Napoleon
was always right.
But no one is.
You know what is always right?
Helping each other.
That's what Boxer really wanted.
To work hard...
for our friends.
Not because we have to.
but because we choose to.
That is freedom.
[everyone cheers]
[gasps]
[Boxer] It wasn't
going to be easy
to make their new
dream come true.
but they'd keep trying
with me and all the other
animals among the stars to help.
["History Repeating
(Knee Length Mix)"
feat. Shirley Bassey plays]
♪ The word is about.
there's something evolving ♪
♪ Whatever may come.
the world keeps revolving ♪
♪ They say the next big
thing is here ♪
♪ That the revolution's near ♪
♪ But to me it seems
quite clear ♪
♪ That it's all just a little
bit of history repeating ♪
♪ The news people shout.
a new style is growing ♪
♪ But it don't know
if it's coming or going ♪
♪ There is fashion.
there is fad ♪
♪ Some is good. some is bad ♪
♪ And the joke is rather sad ♪
♪ That it's all just a little
bit of history repeating ♪
♪ And I've seen it before ♪
♪ And I'll see it again ♪
♪ Yes. I've seen it before ♪
♪ Just little bits of
history repeating ♪
♪ Some people won't dance if
they don't know who's singing ♪
♪ Why ask your head. it's your
hips that are swinging ♪
♪ Life's for us to enjoy ♪
♪ Woman. man. girl and boy ♪
♪ Feel the pain. feel the joy ♪
♪ Aside set the little bits
of history repeating ♪
♪ Bits of history repeating ♪
♪ And I've seen it before ♪
♪ And I'll see it again ♪
♪ Yes. I've seen it before ♪
♪ Just little bits of
history repeating ♪
[bright music plays]
♪ Old MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ Had a farm. ha-had a farm ♪
♪ I said Old
MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ Brick by brick. we break
down the barn ♪
♪ Who runnin' it now?
Better sound the alarm ♪
- ♪ Who run it? ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
♪ Better sound the alarm ♪
♪ 'Cause Old
MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ So take a look around
'cause it's all gone ♪
♪ There ain't no
holding us back ♪
♪ We outside dressed
in all black ♪
♪ It's going down like
a lumberjack ♪
♪ Take a look around Ain't no
needle in this haystack ♪
♪ They stacked you up
against the best ♪
♪ Peacock when I walk
There's an S on my chest ♪
♪ Better come correct
before you go and flex ♪
♪ The whole squad is with me and
they're ready for what's next ♪
♪ E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I. let's go ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Old MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ Had a farm. ha-had a farm ♪
♪ I said Old
MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ Brick by brick. we break
down the barn ♪
♪ Who runnin' it now?
Better sound the alarm ♪
- ♪ Who run it? ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
♪ Better sound the alarm 'cause
Old MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ So take a look around
'cause it's all gone ♪
♪ Make no mistakes. we ain't
come to play That's right ♪
♪ Smash through the gates
No pumping the brakes ♪
♪ Ain't afraid to put
it on the line ♪
♪ Look at me now
I'm like a mountain ♪
♪ Hit like a ton ♪
♪ Ice in my veins
Got fire in my lungs ♪
♪ Cold as 40 below
from my head to my toes ♪
♪ They lit the fuse.
now they 'bout to explode ♪
♪ There ain't no
holding us back ♪
♪ No holding us back ♪
♪ If you stand on two legs
then you're getting attacked ♪
♪ Getting attacked ♪
♪ Yeah. there ain't no
holding us back ♪
♪ There ain't no
♪ All the money that you made
locking us in a cage ♪
♪ Better run or you're
getting the ax ♪
♪ So E-I-E-I-E-I-E-I. let's go ♪
♪ Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah ♪
♪ Old MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ Had a farm. ha-had a farm ♪
♪ I said Old
MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ Brick by brick. we break
down the barn ♪
♪ Who's runnin' it now?
Better sound the alarm ♪
- ♪ Who run it? ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
♪ Better sound the alarm ♪
♪ 'Cause Old
MacDonald had a farm ♪
♪ So take a look around.
ta-take a look around ♪
♪ 'Cause it's all gone ♪
- [man vocalizing]
- [funky upbeat music plays]
[soft dramatic music plays]
[music fades]